---
layout: post
title: Ts Hard
date: 2026-04-09 23:00:00 +0100
categories: productivity
permalink: /ts-hard/
---
Focusing on multiple, best-effort commitments is tiring. Gym + work + whatever else - feels like I can only have success from 1/2 of my responsibilities. I should probably setup a screen time limit for whilst I'm at work.

But also I should time box activities accurately. Would I still want to mess around with my desktop status bar if I **100%** knew it was going to take *45* minutes away from doing my work? It seemed like a 15 minute job in hindsight.

Regardless of what I choose, I should be mindful of what my future self would want$_1$.

I'm not sure which one has a greater impact on my long-term satisfaction:

Passively ignore what I should be doing (procrastinate by doomscrolling/brainrot$_2$):
- In tune with myself in a way but I'm being lazy, can be passed off as human nature to an extent

Actively ignore what I should be doing (do stuff that my brain wants to do now but trivial to see that it could compromise other things that I like, e.g. getting a salary):
- Either being short-sighted (as suggested by regretting it late at night) or it's a message to myself to commit more to what I want to do

$_1$ - Being stricter on enforcing my bedtime (~midnight)
$_2$ - I can't believe I've been able to waste time on a combination of Reddit, Discord, LinkedIn and Snapchat. I deleted Instagram for this very reason. I'm consciously avoiding those 4 apps as well now, hopefully I'll be more mindful of any other distractions that crop up in their place.